Update readme cleanup explanation (#6)
sindresorhus/tempy: readme.md

### Why doesn't it have a cleanup method?

> Temp files will be periodically cleaned up on Mac OS. If you're generating a lot of tmp files, it's recommended to use a complementary module like [rimraf](https://github.com/isaacs/rimraf) for cleanup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Temp files will be periodically cleaned up on macOS. If you're generating a lot of tmp files, it's recommended to use a complementary module like [`rimraf`](https://github.com/isaacs/rimraf) for cleanup.
```

> Temp files will be periodically cleaned up on macOS. Most Linux distros will clean up on reboot. If you're generating a lot of temp files, it's recommended to use a complementary module like [`rimraf`](https://github.com/isaacs/rimraf) for cleanup.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't we suggest [`del`](https://github.com/sindresorhus/del)? 😄
